What sort of animal is Walt Disney's Dumbo ? .Elephant .Deer .Rabbit .Donkey.
What was the name of the Spanish waiter in the TV sitcom "Fawlty Towers" ? .Manuel .Pedro .Alfonso .Javier
Which battles took place between the Royal Houses of York and Lancaster ? .War of the Roses .Thirty Years War .Hundred Years War .English Civil War
Which former Beatle narrated the TV adventures of Thomas the Tank Engine ? .Ringo Starr .John Lennon .Paul McCartney .George Harrison 
Queen Anne was the daughter of which English Monarch ? .James II .Henry VIII .Victoria .William I
Who composed "Rhapsody in Blue" ? .George Gershwin .Irving Berlin .Aaron Copland .Cole Porter
What is the Celsius equivalent of 77 degrees Fahrenheit ? .25 .15 .20 .30
Suffolk Punch and Hackney are types of what ? .Horse .Carriage .Wrestling style .Cocktail
Which Shakespeare play features the line "Neither a borrower nor a lender be" ? .Hamlet .Macbeth .Othello .The Merchant of Venice
Which is the largest city in the USA's largest state ? .Anchorage .Dallas .Los Angeles .New York
The word "aristocracy" literally means power in the hands of whom ? .The best .The few .The barons .The rich
Where would a "peruke" be worn ? .On the head .Around the neck .Around the waist .On the wrist
In which palace was Queen Elizabeth I born ? .Greenwich .Richmond .Hampton Court .Kensington
From which author's work did scientists take the word "quark" ? .James Joyce .Lewis Carroll .Edward Lear .Aldous Huxley
Which of these islands was ruled by Britain from 1815 until 1864 ? .Corfu .Crete .Cyprus .Corsica
A magnet would most likely attract which of the following ? .Metal .Plastic .Wood .The wrong man
Where did Scotch whisky originate ? .Scotland .Ireland .Wales .The United States 
In fancy hotels, it is traditional for what tantalizing treat to be left on your pillow ? .A mint .A pretzel .An apple  .A photo of Wolf Blitzer
In the United States, what is traditionally the proper way to address a judge ? .Your honor .Your holiness .Your eminence .You da man!
The popular children's song "It's Raining, It's Pouring" mentions an "old man" doing what ? .Snoring .Cooking .Laughing .Yelling at squirrels
In which of these films does Whoopi Goldberg dress up as a nun ? .Sister Act .Ghost .The Color Purple .How Judas Got His Groove Back
If someone asked to see your ID, what might you show them ? .Your passport .Your tongue .Your teeth .The door
According to a common phrase, a person who takes chances is "going out on a" what ? .Limb .Horse .Skateboard .Nude beach
Due to the geographical areas they represented, the opposing sides of the US Civil War were known by what names ? .The North and the South .The Hills and the Valleys .The Cities and the Farms .The Kool and the Gang
A geologist would likely be LEAST helpful for answering questions about which of the following ? .Fruity Pebbles .Granite boulders .Precious stones .Igneous rocks
A feisty train is the hero of a classic children's book titled The Little Engine That what ? .Could .Ran .Cried .Opened a can of whupass
According to the old saying, "love of" what "is the root of all evil" ? .Money .Food .Clothing .Reality television
A well-known lyric in the holiday song "Silver Bells" promises that "soon it will be" what ? .Christmas Day .July 4th weekend .Halloween night .National Burrito Month
When a person is rudely ignored, he is said to be getting what ? .Cold shoulder .Hot knee .Warm toe .His car fixed
A person who is not a banker and lends money at an extremely high interest rate is known as what ? .Loan shark .Green snake .Paper tiger .Brother-in-law
A common piece of advice goes "be there or be" what ? .Square .Bare .Aware .All alone as usual
If you're trying to find other players in a game of hide-and-seek, what are you most likely called ? .It .Butterbean .Stinky .Dunce
Which of these phrases is slang for "someone who has a strong and unyielding attitude" ? .Tough cookie .Boiled ham .Ruffled chip .Soggy cereal
If you're skeptical about something, you should "take it with a grain of" what ? .Salt .Sand .Sugar .MSG 
Something in an obvious location is said to be "right under your" what ? .Nose .Mattress .Azaleas .Boxer shorts
When a tree is cut down, the part that remains in the ground is called what ? .Stump .Rump .Hump .Leftovers
To convince you he is truthful, a person is most likely to say he will "swear on a stack of" ? .Bibles what .Gold .Flags .Pancakes
Where would you most likely hear the request "Cleanup in aisle 5" ? .Supermarket .Savings bank .Kindergarten .Roller coaster
By definition, a 10-speed bike has 10 what ? .Gears .Wheels .Spokes .Lives
A lullaby is a song sung to babies to help them do what ? .Fall asleep .Wake up .Eat .Invest wisely
